Relevant Tools in Kali Linux
There are several tools in Kali Linux that
can automate DNS enumeration.
Two notable examples are
DNSRecon and DNSenum,
which have useful options that we’ll
explore in the following sections.
DNSRecon
DNSRecon is an advanced, modern DNS
enumeration script written in Python.
We can attempt a zone transfer with dnsrecon
by using the -d option
to specify a domain name
and -t to specify the type of
enumeration to perform
(in this case a zone transfer).
We’ve managed to perform
a successful DNS zone transfer
against the megacorpone.com domain.
The result is basically a full dump
of the zone file for the domain.
Let’s try to brute force
additional hostnames
with the list we used previously
for forward lookups.
We’ll use the -D option
to specify a file name containing
potential subdomain strings,
and -t to specify brute force enumeration.
Our brute force attempt has finished,
and we have managed
to resolve a few hostnames.
DNSenum
DNSEnum is another popular
DNS enumeration tool.
To show a different output,
let’s run dnsenum against
the zonetransfer.me domain,
which specifically allows zone transfers.
We simply need to pass the domain
of interest to dnsenum.
These enumeration tools are
both capable and straightforward.
Take some time to practice with
each before continuing.